Adds persistence transform example to the gallery (#137)
sunpy/sunkit-image: changelog/137.doc.rst

> Added an example (:ref:`sphx_glr_generated_gallery_persistence_transform.py`) illustrates persistence transform using the AIA_193_CUTOUT series.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added an example (:ref:`sphx_glr_generated_gallery_persistence_transform.py`) illustrates a persistence transform.
```
